howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy
howdy
this is the place we're changing the
world is a very friendly proposition and
your success is as important as everyone
else's
we're academic achievement takes you to
your future and is a launchpad for your
dreams what you want to be laboratories
and classrooms for finding answers to
your questions and mentors for showing
you the way this is the place this is
Texas A&M University
and in high school I did a lot of
exploration i I've always loved math and
science so I really toyed with the idea
of engineering because that just you
like math and science you go with
engineering but the more I explored art
and sort of creative thinking and that's
not to say that engineering is not
creative thinking but I explored
aesthetic a little bit in high school
and I started to see the balance that
architecture provided between math
science art and people wow the school of
architecture is a remarkable oasis at
Texas A&M it has sort of little elements
of the entire campus we have a
department of visualization for example
that has a strong connection to the film
industry and does wonderful work on
visualizing ideas we have a department
of construction science strong ties with
engineering we have a department of
landscape architecture and planning
department as well as the department of
architecture and in addition to that we
have a series of research centers and
the sort of seamless connection of
research and teaching and service is
felt at all levels throughout the
college and as I say we have connections
through most of the departments and
colleges throughout the university
that's really important when you're
thinking laterally and vertically and
that's what those centers have to offer
within the college and I believe that's
probably very unique and we have four
departments and five centers in one
college of architecture there's a lot of
thinking going on one of the ways in
which work we stand out among other
colleges of architecture is in the
percentage of PhDs that we have on the
faculty at least three-quarters of our
faculty have PhDs which is quite
remarkable for a college of architecture
and what it speaks to is our commitment
to research as well as practice you'll
find that professionals are coming down
to am to be a part of projects just to
be around the freshness that that we
that we provide you know jumpstart their
ideas maybe so they're they're here for
more than just getting good students
they're here for what we have to offer
the College of Architecture is one of
the largest in the country and so
because of that and because we've been
around for over a hundred years we have
a strong presence not only in the state
of Texas but throughout the country and
increasingly throughout the world with
our graduates being placed
you know globally so am is a a well
known and respected commodity in all
those markets so you can you can make
your own little home here in the College
of Architecture that's that's really
nice to sort of move in and it helps you
to to produce really strong designs
because do you feel like you have a
place to design the College of
Architecture has some of the most
innovative programs in the world these
programs develop leaders and
professionals for today's complex world
of design and construction this is the
College of Architecture
you